but there was a time back on Cybertron
in the Twilight hours of the Golden Age
when Optimus and Megatron were loved
sworn enemies do you recall when I
mentioned that Optimus wasn't always
surprised he wasn't always Optimus
either he was once a clerk in the AIA
called Hall of Records named Orion Pax
but as he learned more about Cybertron's
past he grew increasingly concerned
about the present corruption in high
places an inequality among the masses
the Ryan became inspired by the words
and ideas of a gladiator himself after
one of the 13 original Prime's
Megatron's Megatron is filed to
challenge Cybertron's leadership and
demand that all Cybertronians be treated
as equals this gladiator turned
revolutionary rapidly gathered a loyal
following Soundwave chief among people
Orion began corresponding with
megatronus and Canton is something of a
meaningful to it as mayor Thomas left
the gladiatorial arena for the political
lease offered to shorten his name before
long Megatron appeared before the High
Council to propose his vision from a
just society and it was here that he
began to reveal his true colors
proclaiming the need to overthrow the
old guard with force and arrogantly
demanding to be named the next prime but
Orion did not believe in violence as a
means of achieving justice
the sparks and knives of the council
removed by Orion's words here for the
first time since Cybertron's Golden Age
stood someone worthy of being the prime
but that order can only truly be
achieved by the legendary matrix of
leadership his ambitions sorted Megatron
spitefully severed all ties with Orion
and the council and came to wage war on
all who opposed him through his growing
arming of followers which he named
Decepticons do you bother to claim the
matrix for himself wherever it might lie
in time warfare consumed Cybertron
poisoning the planet - it's cooler
Orion journey there hoping to reverse
the ill effects and found himself before
the very spark of our life human Primus
himself the healing Primus since the
ability within Orion and bestowed the
matrix upon him who is thus that a
surprised and humbled
came to be obtuse the last of the primes